Update MPP target doc (#1509)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/building-mpp-with-gradle.md

A target that is not supported by the current host is ignored during build and therefore not published. A library author may want to set up
builds and publishing from different hosts as required by the library target platforms.

### Target shortcuts

> Some native targets are often created together and use the same sources. For example building for iOS device and simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some native targets are often created together and use the same sources. For example, building for an iOS device and a simulator
```

> is represented by different targets (`iosArm64` and `iosX64` respectively) but usually a source code for device and simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is represented by different targets (`iosArm64` and `iosX64` respectively) but their source codes are usually the same.
```

> doesn't differ. A canonical way to express such shared code in the multiplatform project model is to create an intermediate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A canonical way to express such shared code in the multiplatform project model is creating an intermediate
```

> source set `iosMain` and configure links between it and platform source sets:

Reviewer: The entire paragraph with my suggestions:
Some native targets are often created together and use the same sources. For example, building for an iOS device and a simulator is represented by different targets (`iosArm64` and `iosX64` respectively) but their source codes are usually the same. A canonical way to express such shared code in the multiplatform project model is creating an intermediate source set (`iosMain`) and configuring links between it and the platform source sets:

> source set `iosMain` and configure links between it and platform source sets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source set (`iosMain`) and configuring links between it and the platform source sets:
```

<div class="multi-language-sample" data-lang="groovy">
<div class="sample" markdown="1" theme="idea" mode='groovy'>

```groovy
sourceSets{
    iosMain {
        dependsOn(commonMain)
        iosDeviceMain.dependsOn(it)
        iosSimulatorMain.dependsOn(it)
    }
}
```

</div>
</div>

<div class="multi-language-sample" data-lang="kotlin">
<div class="sample" markdown="1" theme="idea" mode='kotlin' data-highlight-only>

```kotlin
val commonMain by sourceSets.getting
val iosDeviceMain by sourceSets.getting
val iosSimulatorMain by sourceSets.getting

val iosMain by sourceSets.creating {
    dependsOn(commonMain)
    iosDeviceMain.dependsOn(this)
    iosSimulatorMain.dependsOn(this)
}
```

</div>
</div>

> Since 1.3.60 the `kotlin-multiplaform` plugin provides shortcuts that automates such a configuration and allow a user to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 1.3.60, the `kotlin-multiplaform` plugin provides shortcuts that automate such a configuration: they let users
```

> create a group targets along with a common source set for them using a single DSL method.

Reviewer: Entire paragraph:
Since 1.3.60, the `kotlin-multiplaform` plugin provides shortcuts that automate such a configuration: they let users create a group of targets along with a common source set for them with a single DSL method.

> create a group targets along with a common source set for them using a single DSL method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a group of targets along with a common source set for them with a single DSL method.
```

The following shortcuts are available:

>  * `ios` - creates targets for two platforms: `iosArm64` and `iosX64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `ios` creates targets for `iosArm64` and `iosX64`.
```

>  * `watchos` - creates targets for three platforms: `watchosArm32`, `watchosArm64` and `watchosX86`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `watchos` creates targets for  `watchosArm32`, `watchosArm64`, and `watchosX86`.
```

>  * `tvos` - creates targets for two platforms: `tvosArm64` and `tvosX64`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `tvos` creates targets for  `tvosArm64` and `tvosX64`. 
```
